1.) What is your game about?** war films and tension, psychological and moral aspects of it.
2.) What do the characters do?** try to survive and succeed in the missions issued
3.) What do the players (including the GM if there is one) do?** They make decisions about what and how the characters act in the environment, and what sacrifices they have to do. The GM manages the environment and overall situation of the conflict. 
4.) How does your setting (or lack thereof) reinforce what your game is about? Setting is the same as in war films, details make it alive and interesting.
5.) How does the Character Creation of your game reinforce what your game is about? You create first the unit, which creates an overall idea of what to expect. Then, you create quickly your character, by using its archetype. PROBABLY SHOULD ADD MORE PERSONNALITY at the last step.
6.) What types of behaviors/styles of play does your game reward (and punish if necessary)? reward = accept to take some risks. Punish = do nothing and bid time.
7.) How are behaviors and styles of play rewarded or punished in your game? Reward is XP and overall progression, by accepting some risks, you lower the overall danger. Punishment is the conclusion of failed fights mostly. Probably could do better with punishments
8.) How are the responsibilities of narration and credibility divided in your game? Players are responsible for their squad, DM is responsible for the environment and hierarchy mostly.
9.) What does your game do to command the players’ attention, engagement, and participation? (i.e. What does the game do to make them care?). NOTHING YET ?
10.) What are the resolution mechanics of your game like? Success and attrition based, with a possibility of getting more successes by taking risks.
11.) How do the resolution mechanics reinforce what your game is about? attrition mechanics, and catharsis
12.) Do characters in your game advance? If so, how? Any time they fail a task, they get a new point.
13.) How does the character advancement (or lack thereof) reinforce what your game is about? failure happens, and that makes you grow, all about the human adventure.
14.) What sort of product or effect do you want your game to produce in or for the players? Attachment to the characters themselves, and some kind of pity for many.
15.) What areas of your game receive extra attention and color? Why? Combat, because that's where the risks happen the most.
16.) Which part of your game are you most excited about or interested in? Why? Downtime, because it is quite simple but may be used to represent a variety of different things
17.) Where does your game take the players that other games can’t, don’t, or won’t? Characters will be distressed and overloaded by the environment, player is not in *full* control
18.) What are your publishing goals for your game? Ideally asking a publisher, otherwise self publishing after translation
19.) Who is your target audience? Decently experimented players, wanting to try another experience, more psychological than tactical.