Assegai Halftrack

Another vehicle that started its life as a field modification, the Assegai, or "Meat Chopper" as it is more commonly known by the men, is a cheap alternative to the Hydra that often finds itself pressed into a ground fire role. The Assegai got its start when some enterprising PDF troopers bolted a Sabre turret into the rear of a Greyhound halftrack to give themselves a chance against swarms of Tyranid Gargoyles. From that moment on, the modification spread like wildfire. Whether they were fitted with quad heavy stubbers and throwing clouds of lead at aerial targets or bravely trading blows with tanks with twin Las-Cannons, they quickly became a favorite of the troops, especially PDF troops. The Mechanicus, though they are sticklers for tradition, are not completely opposed to change, especially if it is good. The Assegai was quickly standardized and the plans distributed, flooding Imperial warzones (and heretic armies) with cheap support vehicles within 20 years. Functionally it is almost the exact same as the Greyhound it originated from, but there are a few minor differences. The Assegai has slightly more armor around the crew compartment, and sacrifices all of its passenger carrying ability to make room for spare ammunition for the turret. The vehicle also comes standard with an improved radio. All told, the vehicle is a lean mean murder machine that is capable of dealing out a massive amount of punishment, even if it can't take much back. Many Guardsmen and PDF troopers would trade a week's Amasec ration to have an Assegai at their back.

 

Type: Wheeled/Tracked Vehicle          Tactical Speed: 20m

Speed: 75 km/hr                                    Maneuverability: +10

Structural Integrity: 20                        Size: Massive

Armor: 20 Front, 18 Side, 16 Rear

Vehicle Traits: Rugged, Open-topped*, Halftrack

Crew: 1 Driver, 1 Commander/Navigator, 1 Gunner

Carrying Capacity: None

Weapons: Any one of the following

Twin Linked Heavy Bolter (150m, -/-/6, 1d10+8 X, Pen 5, Clip 240, Rld Full, Tearing, Twin Linked)
2 Twin Linked Heavy Stubbers (100m, -/-/8, 1d10+4 I, Pen 3, Clip 400, Rld 2 Full, Twin-Linked) Note: These weapons must be fired at the same target as part of the same action (consider them Quad-Linked)
Twin Linked Las-Cannon (300m, S/-/-, 5d10+10 E, Pen 10, Clip 80, Rld 2 Full, Proven [3], Twin-Linked)
Twin Linked Autocannon (300m, S/3/-, 3d10+8 I, Pen 6, Clip 60, Rld 2 Full, Ogryn-Proof, Reliable, Twin-Linked)
When carrying any weapons other than the Las-Cannons, the vehicle carries enough ammunition for 4 full reloads. When carrying the Las-Cannons, the vehicle only has as much ammunition as listed.

 

The vehicle only counts as open-topped for the Gunner, as the Driver and Commander are inside of an enclosed armored cabin.

 

Halftrack Trait: A vehicle with this trait counts as tracked for the purpose of moving across difficult terrain, and as a wheeled vehicle in regards to maneuverability. With regards to damage, the vehicle counts critical hits as against a wheeled system. Repairs to a Halftrack's motive system take 1.5 times as long as listed in the appropriate repairs table.


