Skills and their use :
Affinity: Element/divine/Nature/Beyond
Allows to detect and understand magic linked to one tradition. May even be used to track some very visible manifestations of power, that may act as beacons.
Athletics
The various ways to cross obstacles : swimming, climbing, jumping, or riding a creature. It can also be used to sprint.
Camp and cooking
Used to maintain
Craft: metals, skins, bones and woods, herbs&potions
May be used to craft rare and special items, but also to gather some resources in the wilderness.
Deception
Used to lie to another character. An obvious lie will not work well.
Dodge
Used to try not to be in the path of danger, be it a blade or a falling rock.
Intimidation
Used to coerce characters into doing what you want. It is never appreciated by the receiving end.
Logic
Used to find the link between evidence and solve riddles. May also be used to understand ancient pieces of knowledge.
Lore: wilderness, corruption
The skill to know something. Each success on a check corresponds to a question you may ask the DM about a subject. Answers can only be known by your character, so the secrets of the world will stay secret.
Miracles: church of Icons or Purple Cult or Bell Pilgrims
May be used to cast miracles linked to one of the religion, be it the new church or the old way.
Music
Music soothe the mind, and may be used to appease other party members when resting, or entertain the people around you at a party.
Negotiation
This skill is used to convince someone either to believe you or to make you a favor. It may also used to bargain, but that may be frown upon by the characters you are talking to.
Observation
This skill allows to find specific hidden elements around the character : a creature hunting them, a subtle clue someone is lying to them, or perhaps the keyhole to an ancient safe.
Parry
Used to protect oneself from harm by blocking a blow, often with a shield, but sometimes with a weapon.
Religion: Church of Icons or Purple Cult or Bell Pilgrims
Knowledge about the dogma of a religion, and about how to conduct ceremonies and rituals of such religion.
Rituals: corruption, fleshcraft, nature, Beyond
The knowledge about, and the ability to perform magic rituals for various means.
Spells: primal or Nature or Beyond
This skill is used to cast magical spells of a specific tradition. Spells, contrary to rituals, are uite quick to cast and require much less preparations.
Stability
The ability to stay on your feet. It may be used to stand your ground against a creature's charge, or to move along a slippery place without falling.
Stealth
This skill is used when a character wants to stay out of sight, mostly when trying to evade some opponent.
Survival
The ability to get food and water in the wilderness, as well as some trapmaking and navigation skills.
Tracking
This skill may be used to follow the tracks of a creature or a group of enemies. It may lead the character to their target.
Weapons: light, long, heavy, gunpowder, throw and missile weapons
Used to hit enemies with specific types of weapons. It may also be used to maintain the equipement or to show off with your skill.
Willpower
This skill allows to resist spiritual attacks as well as fear effects.

Discussion
TAG : not sure, not the focus of the game
Resting
Make it a standard check, not a skill, otherwise it will be necessary for everyone.